well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so trying to go live it looks like
everything's starting to work
i'm going to tweet it out real quick
hopefully y'all can hear me we're using
a new mic
today because i was told that part of my
problem
might be using a usb mic so we're using
a standard
jack mic
and thank you
that's me
loud and clear everything sounds good i
don't sound robotic that's nice
you are not in the garage no i'm not
giving everything just a second for
everybody to get in here
wow
okay so
got it tweeted out that should be
everything
i can't understand why it's not four
million one day we'll get there
maybe um
ah let's see
yeah so today i really don't have thank
you joe in a box
um i don't really have a
topic to talk about it's just we
normally hit these um
every 100 000 subscribers and last time
we went from
by the time we actually got around to
doing the 300 000
show it was we were almost here so we're
going to go ahead and start that now
let's see
which beard shampoo do you recommend
ivory or dove soap
um
did i see trump see i'm afraid to even
ask what that's about
like i'm hoping he already tried to ride
a bike because i i think that's going to
be
hilarious um so
okay so if you haven't been to one of
these live streams typically
you guys ask questions i answer them
there's no real format or anything like
that
normally chris what the background is
it's a backdrop it's not real
um
graffiti bricks i can't remember why i
originally got this one
yeah the school by the way that i was in
in the recent
video that's also a backdrop um
northwoods wisconsin thank you lisa f
um what's my take on
beirut um
i i've seen some of it uh
it looks to me like it was probably an
accident
but there are a couple things that are
that suggest maybe it was helped um
either way i don't think it's gonna be a
big deal because at the end of the day
given what's going on in the region if
it was
another country that did that
intentionally
nothing's going to happen nobody's going
to respond to it so
it at the end of the day that's really
it's not going to provoke a war or
anything like that
thank you maria crusotto
are you going to go back to the masked
beard shave
i don't go anywhere like ever thank you
rice crispy
um i i really like
i don't leave the property like ever and
when i do it's just to go to a little
gas station that's like a drive-through
i really don't uh i don't go anywhere
but yeah if i have to leave i will knock
it back down so i can
at least tuck it into my mask
any thoughts on sturgis yeah that's a
really bad idea
um that that's you know
250 000 people that close together
that's not a good idea i don't know that
uh
i'm curious i'm curious to see how it
plays out because a lot of that is
outdoors
and it's not supposed to spread as
easily outdoors but we
i guess we're about to find out this can
be a good experiment thank you chuck
atkins um given what's happened
happening with the nra can you talk
about philando castile
i i'd be surprised if i did well you
know what i may not have been doing this
when that happened
in fact i'm pretty sure it wasn't i
don't think i have a video yeah i'll put
something together and explain why that
particular
case is uh so annoying to people like me
thank you mike jones
let's see
i am against pretty much all prohibition
watched your channel since last year but
actually subscribed yesterday
uh
uh let's see
makita bradshaw up here in tennessee i'm
not familiar with that one
i have to look into it
how do i feel about spacex um
i like it in theory but we'll see how it
plays out
i mean this could go good or bad thank
you sean zee
thank you unruly simeon um
the
thank you luigi 13.
i want to explain your close quarters
background i saw one of your seminars
and the strategies are not your mma farm
uh i i yeah i can go through that that's
something that i
tend to go through in all these videos i
was at one point in time a security
consultant
a contractor whatever term you want to
use i don't really care
that's where that comes from most of
that stuff in fact
i think part of the reason that class
took place
was because there were some people
heading overseas most of that is part of
a system that is designed to be taught
in like 40 hours
for people who are heading to areas
where they're at high risk of being
kidnapped
if you're talking about the one that
popped up the other day in the
recommendations
looks like it was in a church dog
walking around
and that that's what that was that
system is a variation
of something that most cops should know
called ppct
thank you lauren russell pink
let's see thank you unknown valor
bob um a farm store
let's see i'm going to top a small what
do i think of ubi
i have a couple of videos about it about
yang
um i in
it's one of those things that from an
ideological perspective i don't like the
idea of
government becoming even more
um more of the big daddy i don't like
the idea of people becoming more
dependent on government at the same
time at this point
in the game i'm i'm kind of
re-evaluating
it in regards to ubi because
with all of the studies that have been
done on it it does that doesn't actually
seem to be what's happening
so i'm curious i'm still very open to it
thank you chris peace trump just signed
an executive order what was it oh
god see you never know what it could be
though that's that's
did is it the pre-existing conditions
one that's a good one
i can't wait to see that um
sean c thank you hey from humboldt
county
catholic
talk about the trumps the tariffs you're
only gonna have to have them a few
months
hopefully um
like i have a feeling that i'm i'm very
hopeful
that he will be out of office
because if not oh man help us
thank you puddles420
listen every day in germany thank you
clint beam
um how many different shirts do i own
according to my wife more than six
hundred thousand she tweeted
about it on twitter the other day
i lost the fight on keeping schools
closed in florida
uh yes and no a whole bunch of districts
have
kind of flipped tallahassee the bird
they're opening but they're also
offering distance learning
that anybody can take and they don't
have to go to classes
so that the uh
that that seems to be the route that
most people are going
so technically yeah the schools are open
but it doesn't look like many people are
going to be going there
um and it's done on a county-by-county
basis
do you tic talk i do not and it's funny
because we were
we were looking in to uh
to getting on and figuring out how we
could adapt what we do to it
and carry look into it and
and as we were getting ready to to kind
of get on the platform is when all this
started so we're just gonna wait and see
what happens and go from there
can i borrow your hedge trimmers yeah go
right ahead
thank you dave
please do a shine session as a guinness
on me thank you old man
and i will um
probably tonight
what is the process for second amendment
folks to know
when see that's one of the the big uh
concerns is because everybody has a
different point
in which they think that that's that's
an option
um thank you the light works
when you're talking about the second
amendment and using it for its intended
purpose
thank you silly's good and andre allen
uh you everybody views that line in the
sand at a different point
and because there's no cohesive
vision on what government overreach is
you have a lot of incidents that
kind of push it to a new level um
and you have stuff like oklahoma city
that's really
what he thought he was doing obviously
wrong
and obviously not the way to go about go
about it even if that was what you were
doing
but that's what you end up with um thank
you nancy funk
there a lack of a consistent
uh image on what is right and what is
wrong
and that ever shifting line in the sand
has caused a lot of problems
over the years and it will continue to
something about chomsky what
briefly tell us your background uh i
was a military consultant a security
consultant a contractor thank you
mel m i did that for a number of years
uh gotten a little bit of trouble when
i got done thank you aubry um
and then basically coming out i decided
i didn't
want to go back to that line of work and
when
you looked at what i was really good at
thank you lapith
have you ever considered doing debates
with respected
i'll come back to debates in a second um
so basically when you took away the gun
from what i i was good at i could shoot
a camera gather information
and compile that information it i was a
journalist
so i started doing journalism it started
with a small outlet in canada did some
mainstream stuff and then went indie
and then i wound up here thank you nick
arthur
do you think the united states could oh
no
that one dipped out on me
do you think the united states could
unite in the smaller countries yeah
eventually that'll probably happen
thank you daisy congrats can you please
let it be known that
yeah so 62 percent of people didn't
in sturgis didn't want the sturgis rally
to happen um
and yeah can you address the national
debt and the duck clock
shane sanders thank you merrick hi
merrick
uh just wanted to say thank you for
believing i could accomplish something
and
cool and congratulations for four
hundred thousand that's merrick for
america she has recently started a
a youtube channel with a unique
perspective on some things and some
from an angle that we we really don't
get very often um
so as far as debates it's not something
i
i don't think they're really productive
um for what i want to do
they're they're useful for people who
are already very
thank you cindy adkins who are already
very ideologically inclined already very
politically active
it helps it helps guide people and it
helps them form their opinions and stuff
like that and that's great
um it's it doesn't really fit with what
i do
uh i i want to convince people to become
politically active
once they hit that point then yeah
they're gonna they're going to go and
see the debates and they're
they'll help develop their own opinions
thank you louis snowden
would you ever leave the u.s yeah
um thank you distinctive
um so debates for me
it tends to just harden people's resolve
in where where i'm at the people that
i'm trying to reach
you know if people go into it with the
preconceived notion they root for their
person
and that's it i don't see a whole lot of
people having their opinions changed
via internet debates um thank you leroy
brown and virtuoso
what are your thoughts on infact i'll
come back to that
oh wow just got a whole bunch of stuff
coming in so hang on one second thank
you
gabby dolphin ladies biden
oh man so if you haven't been on one of
these before
um i'm way out in the country and
sometimes when a whole bunch of stuff
comes in it just
totally locks everything up and i've got
to go back and try to catch up to all of
it and it takes a minute
so that's what we're we're doing right
now
um thank you jp crom
thank you sean zee again here's that the
same way
clint beam
dave rollins mel
m
sometimes it's easier if i actually do
this part on my phone
but yeah with the debates we don't
actually i don't see a lot of progress
i don't see a lot of new things
happening
um so i don't see people getting their
opinions right so i don't know that it's
a good use of my time um
okay here we go this will work faster
thank you paul j
morey
probably gonna have to go back through
gavin's ghost
michael payson
oh man koala granddaddy sweets forever
uh thank you y'all ain't right
t-podes mg would be proud of you i hope
so
um thank you elizabeth perkins
doyle st louis wow gabby dolphin
eurosicker
distinctive okay so i guess we i think
we got through all that
okay thank you it's chaos be nice
biden is also very much not my man but
given the alternative there is no
alternative
realistic what do you think his chances
are i think he's gonna win i i hope so
anyway
maybe that's just me being optimistic
but that's uh
i really do think that he he's
i i think most people know that they
don't really have a choice
um you know there are some third-party
candidates out there
and some of them are decent but that
does
they probably aren't going to win and i
think most people know that and it's one
of those catch-22s they're not going to
win so people won't vote for him and
people won't vote for him because they
won't win
um thank you jason taylor
alexander mitchell ethan
barry alt but my girlfriend is a nurse
contract just expired and tomorrow she
and the union start picketing strike is
likely
do you think we will see a lot of this
following coveted yeah
yeah absolutely um the
the tensions are high and
it's it's
definitely uh hitting the entire nursing
the the entire nursing community
thank you deb wonder thank you ben
thank you hp 111. i know i'm losing
people on this thank you michael plant
can you do a video on first amendment
auditors i'd love to hear your thoughts
yes
olympics wonderer have you been
following the nightly portlation
protest in portland yeah i have i've
been looking at them i like that they've
calmed down a great bit i understand
there's been a couple of incidents
but generally not so bad in comparison
to when the feds were super active
thank you daniel meusing music
man thank you mark sterling i try to get
elvis
thank you everybody um
most important books to read in your
opinion all of them
uh no it depends on what you're looking
for i i read a lot of nonfiction and i
read a lot of
stuff that i don't necessarily agree
with so i can understand it
um i think it's important to do that but
thank you kuro love your wall maybe you
could teach trump a thing or two
yeah i can't wait to take that thing
down
thank you taleja howard
um thanks for your videos and support of
black lives
absolutely help us bow kenobi
uh thank you wisteriacs
mickey cory williams do you think that
political violence against the left
will be likely if biden wins not much i
don't think it's going to be much i
think there will be some in the
beginning but i don't think it'll be
much i could be wrong
thank you supramurla y'all are messing
with me now
do you think donald trump as a lame duck
can get any worse than it is now i'm
hoping hoping that the republican party
realizes that if they
enable him during that period that
that's it they're done as a party like
forever
so i'm hoping that won't happen um
thank you james massey and i'm glad your
daughter liked the shirts
uh thank you soul rubble um
paul evans man
will sleep yourselves be a thing again i
hope so
that's like we're we're we're putting a
team together now and we're doing a lot
trying to get everything back up and
running i mean the main fifth column
side is still kind of dormant
but sleeper cells will is supposed to
come back for those that don't know
it was like an onion version
um for for left-wing people um
not even just for left-wing people for
radical people in general uh covered a
lot of
odd ideas and yeah that should come back
um thank you
monica thank you
incx88
how much for a minecraft
let's play i i don't know what that
means really
uh kevin roach
just wanted to say thank you oh man
i work with a guy who's openly
advocating for getting armed
he's more serious than i'm comfortable
with what do i do
see that's i mean how serious
that's the question you have to ask if
he's actually at the point where he's
going to go harm somebody
there there's probably some way you have
to intervene
most of them aren't most of them really
aren't at that point or they would be
where those groups are active um
thank you to the left
thank you roberto quiones
thank you naobi's adventures if you left
the us where would you go ireland
ireland um thank you brian
ah thank you jasmine
[Music]
please help me bring some light to
what's going on here
um please thanks you for introducing me
to tom burton to me he is awesome he is
a cool guy um
thank you paul evans i know that i've
missed people if i did i am so sorry
thoughts on pmcs in afghanistan iraq etc
and trump using an executive order to
extend unemployment benefits by 400
a week it's it's a band-aid
it's it is what it is um as far as
contractors in afghanistan and iraq that
that industry has
changed a lot over the years um not for
the better
um it now really is
you know for a long time it was their
mercenaries and and there's
there's some legitimacy to that you're
getting paid to fight
fair enough um but in afghanistan and
iraq now
it's it really is coming down to that
in in in more ways than i think people
realize
uh there's not a lot of people there to
support the united states anymore
they're there for a paycheck
and that's really where that that term
really applies
and they are not it used to be when you
were dealing with contractors you were
dealing with people that had a very
specific skill set and that's why they
were being used
now they're using them for anything and
it's
it's getting out of hand um and and it's
it's always historically speaking it is
always a bad sign when a government
starts doing that
um thank you jerry baird
please consider starting a network of
people ready to take care of each other
you can give guidance and help them get
organized yeah
so we had a a tour planned for this
summer and then
all of this happened we couldn't go
anywhere because people can't be
together and literally that was the goal
we were going to go around and help set
up community networks
um
i'll give you the idea to start this
channel it was a joke it started as a
joke
some colleagues heard my accent slip out
real heavy one night when i was drinking
and it blew up from there this was never
supposed to happen
thank you harry your video of what it's
like to be
a black person in the u.s started the
change on how i viewed
race in america i can't thank you enough
i
thank you for telling me that thank you
connor
thank you rob
thank you relief
uh let's see love to see more people are
listening to you
sing a true leftist voice gain such
traction
gives hope for this country change is
slow yeah it is
but we will get there one day fact
um thank you kirk cantrell
thank you shannon thoughts on teespring
blocking okay
yeah i actually meant to go ahead and
say something about this so this has
been going on for years
um teespring systems when they do this
part of it is automated for those that
don't know they took down
an anti-fascist shirt meanwhile they
have like
white nationalist stuff up um
so this has been going on for years part
of their system is automated and part of
it is human
so it's not a great system
to begin with all kinds of stuff gets
through every once in a while
a person will make a decision what
happened last night on twitter i watched
the whole thing
unfold in horror
[Music]
all of that conversation was with the
social media person
working the midnight shift on a friday
night
i don't think there's going to be any
resolution to this until at least monday
i've worked with that company a long
time i've had them
limit some of my stuff before and then
bring it back after a review
they generally try to take down racist
stuff
they really do but it is a huge site
there are a lot of creators on it making
stuff
and it takes some time i i'm i truly
believe
um that they will fix this i i would
like to think so i've actually reached
out to my account manager to be like hey
you know this is happening right and
people are going to be mad
so we'll we'll see what happens
thank you jerry baird please consider oh
thank you sally mclaughlin your joke
turned out to be a gift for so many
people
it's weird how that worked out uh thank
you brett barkley hey bo
wanted you to let audience know that the
auto
generated captions
wrote in ship hero instead of ben
shapiro
yeah they're also supposed to be making
that a little bit better
they're hopefully hopefully we're
getting uh
we're getting a better auto captioning
system on youtube and i'd like to thank
there's a whole bunch of people that
went through and provided captions to
some of my more popular videos
and uploaded them because at times
they're really bad
um thank you barbara emmanuel
what do you think will come of the
conventions this year rhetoric wise
i'm hoping it'll be conciliatory from
the republican party i think i'm hoping
that they're going to come
out of it with a we messed up and we're
sorry thing i don't know that they will
um i don't know that the biden campaign
is going to push too hard
i i'm pretty sure they're just going to
hope to coast on in
under hey we're not trump and i think
it'll probably work
thank you finzen thank you cake
the sailor um
would you consider making a video about
the fed the lost the gold standard
artificial interest rates
this is not my strong suit there are
better people
um you know the the economy getting into
that when
when you're talking about that sort of
stuff it's not
something i really feel comfortable
expressing a hard opinion about because
i don't know much about it i could go
through the history of it
but i don't know that it's going to be
as uh as valuable to people
it's just it's not not my lane
you know um thank you elizabeth bryce
trump can't do an executive order for
unemployment because he doesn't control
the purse
right he would have to find the money
somewhere else he would have to find the
money somewhere else and move it to that
um i don't know that there's money
available for him to do that honest
thank you kathy bennett
comes back thank you what are your
thoughts on jesse ventura
he's uh interesting guy at times
um i'm not sure how i feel about him as
a
a public official at this stage in his
life
um i mean but then again it's not like
he could do worse
than some of the people we have up there
now but he has uh there are a couple of
statements he's made over the years that
kind of raised my eyebrows
a little bit but this is what it is
uh when
if you have time who do you watch on
youtube
um maxi catherine reeducation
epigraph battles um
i thought slime non-compete
the the people that you would expect me
to watch carrie wedler
um you see most of them in my
subscriptions i think my subscriptions
are public
let's see michael mata
your videos about race showed my 70 year
old father systemic racism exist
wow that's
that's a feat right there
thank you ken choi uh do you have many
asian followers
i don't know we have we have a lot of
people physically present in asia um
because i could see that on the on the
analytics but i i don't actually know if
they're american expatriates
or you know what they are um
yeah the the reach of this channel has
really surprised me
will bowden bow out after the nomination
and allow dnc
the dnc to appoint a nominee i have no
idea
i have no clue what he's going to do um
thank you stu wig sandra mv
very concerned about lagging 2020 census
response in miami
seems like the possibility of
citizenship scared enough people
yeah that is that um
at least in florida i don't know that
that's going to matter that much i i
know
there is uh you know there's funding
ramifications to it and
you know representation stuff i don't
know that it's going to be a huge deal
because florida is pretty
self-sufficient
but it's it's probably going to be a
problem in a lot of other places
uh thank you shorey gino
i recently saw a video of you doing a
self-defense class in cincinnati
do you have other long format videos
like
that when you did about black gun clubs
and
working training with cops your son
and kitchen cabinet still rates
um so we're doing more long
content long format content fact one's
coming out tomorrow
talking about consent based policing um
as far as the the stuff like the class
in cincinnati
when we get back on the road we're going
to be filming and recording and
broadcasting all of that
so you will actually see it's probably
going to end up being a second channel
but you'll you'll be able to see the
community networks form
hopefully so it can force multiply and
other people can learn from what happens
there
and given the interest in that even
though i don't teach that stuff anymore
we can probably throw together some
self-defense you know mini classes
uh but keep in mind that that might have
been the last time i taught
um and that was just a crash course for
people and then we did the real stuff
afterward um but yeah
okay thank you gg perez
forgot to ask the last post was always
curious do you and your wife disagree
on anything politically if
that is not too personal uh we we do at
times but nothing major
we we share a very similar moral compass
you know at our core so even if we
disagree
on a particular topic we're still leaned
in the same direction you know we're on
the same bus so to speak
um thank you julie parker
you need some mods to help you
super mods to offer you i'm i
i'll probably take you up on that we're
we're putting together
a team now that we we finally have like
resources um to kind of take this to the
next level
because up until recently it was it was
me carrying my wife that was it
um so we're going to start expanding
and so but yeah this entire channel has
grown from
me carrie and my wife and
like the discord volunteers who come out
like out of nowhere and they're like hey
we closed captioned all your stuff
you know it was very unorganized and
we're
we're trying to build up um you know
again this
this wasn't planned we didn't set out to
do this it just kind of happened
let's see thank you minx
australian born and bred i love your
insights to share wholeheartedly thank
you for your work
thank you what are
my thoughts on walsh um can i say his
name on youtube or is that just twit
i understand the complaints that people
have about him uh
i also get where i think i get where
he's coming from and why he does things
the way that he does
um it's not a tactic i would use but i
at least
understand it i get what he's trying to
accomplish
and if it works and i've seen a whole
lot of people say hey
i was a really horrible person until
this
so i mean i even though it's not a
tactic i would use and the way he does
things isn't the way i would do it i
can't really
denigrate it too much because apparently
it's effective if
if so i mean that's that's what really
matters right
um
uh okay so wow okay
so what's the z course uh that was a
course that
some activists went to to teach them how
to
uh force multiply
um
thank you ziggy music so glad i stumbled
across this channel
me too thank you
thank you amber crystal
man i gotta clean my phone um money for
nurses
i'm always ranting friends about stuff
like
imperial presidency and whiting economic
gap
great now iran
then you post much better
well it's easy when you when you get to
think about it before you have to talk
about it
um thank you chris acaba
signed four executive orders today
um thank you sirium
thank you real dark
all right i think we're finally catching
up
uh thank you franciette where the heck
do you get
store all of your t-shirts um my wife
buys a bunch of them
we have the the teesprings shop
um and yeah i keep them
all in the closet i i just have a lot i
guess uh
i i don't think okay thank you finzen i
don't think that kanye's gonna have a
huge impact on the election
um thank you
david garrig stan duffy
uh thank you golden and a whole bunch of
numbers that i'm not going to try to
read
thank you jacob lynn can't wait to see
yeah i i
yeah we're we have a lot of stuff
planned but a lot of it requires
the public health issue to be resolved
uh thank you first love smokers and
barbecue
please discuss the threats to the u.s
postal service i'm i'm
i've kind of waited to weigh on then and
on that because i
really assumed that that congress would
have stepped in by now
apparently not really um
thank you alexander mitchell
thank you and 90 mouse single-handedly
deflooring floyd
destroying florida man's reputation
would you ever consider doing a more
in-depth video about anti-fascism
uh yeah i mean i've i've i have a bunch
and one of the very first things that
we're going to do
is kind of get everything in playlist
because i get requests for
topics that i know i've covered the
problem is i name things
strangely and i don't even remember what
they all are and i never kept the list
because i didn't expect it to
to grow like this um
and you're welcome all the way in
newfoundland
uh
crim crimson star jesus i'll never get
that
um but yeah i will we'll try to get a
playlist put together with that
and then maybe even have it edited
together so it's one consistent video
um i'm in virginia where they tried the
gun laws in your three-part video i'm a
gun
owner i like the laws your video showed
me how ineffectual they
would have been i do believe something
needs to be done
yeah thank you
shaw tree
thank you aiden congrats on 400 thousand
what do you know about the events in
beirut
we're gonna have to wait and see what
as far as the actual specifics is what
went down
the the story that everybody's being
told that's completely plausible
based on what we saw it is completely
plausible that was really just an
accident
um that my my biggest
take on that was i've got to do a video
explaining the effects of
of nukes because there were a whole
bunch of people that thought that was
one
and there there are way too many people
that don't understand how devastating
nukes
are and that kind of showed me that and
maybe
if people understood exactly how
horrible
they are we wouldn't be trying to re-up
our
supply of them um
thank you cindy coke koch actual context
thank you bo i got into this end of
politics from your video a year ago and
i still recommend you to my people back
home in southeast texas
thank you thank you autistic cowboy
uh i'm an autistic leftist
from texas your videos so much
especially here in the south
thank you timothy dorling
collab with legal eagle
give me coffee and games thank you how
do you recommend that i suggest it to
moderates and conservatives
okay so start if you're trying to
introduce this channel
to to to conservatives start with the
gun videos
there's a whole series of them start
with that
and uh go from there because they're
going to be nod in their heads and
normally what i suggest is people start
with the gun videos
and then go to the videos about um
that are that are bait and switch the
the patch on my head will be upside down
and when it starts off every
conservative watching it is going yeah
yeah and about halfway through it
switches and they're still nodding their
head as they're listening and then they
realize what happened
um that's the best route that i've seen
that's the most effective way
as far as ordering it
thank you have you ever checked which
non-american country
most of your viewers are coming from
it's germany actually
it is germany then canada the uk ireland
um and then it's
um i want to say it was algeria which
i'm assuming is is
like a vpn router i don't think that
there's a lot of people in algeria
watching
uh then it goes to australia new zealand
um
and then japan korea which are probably
because of troops
stationed in those countries um
thank you pentenants
ah i can't
[Laughter]
to that question i can't do that
people say that an explosion like that
cannot happen
here but with how bad so many oh yeah i
can
what happened in beirut it could
certainly happen here in fact it did uh
was is in galveston i think
i think they had one like that in
galveston um
it absolutely can happen like that here
let's see thank you thank you finley
i'm a seaburn specialist in the national
guard my seaburn mco believes that the
virus is fake
holy sh
so seaburn for those that don't know
these are the these are the people that
should
completely understand every aspect to
this if you're seaburn specialist
especially if you're not commissioned
officer in it you should understand
seaburn chemical biological radiological
and nuclear
um
yeah i don't know what to do about that
man i had no idea what to do
if your nco does not believe that this
is real
that's a concern um i don't know that
it's
it's one i would raise with command but
it's definitely a concern
hopefully it'll get promoted and removed
you know
um man that's
that's got to be devastating to
to faith in your leadership
uh thank you simon
uh maybe i it's possible i don't like to
speculate until i have evidence of
something like that and i haven't seen
any
anything hard um suggesting that it was
anything other than an accident it's
possible
i'm not going to discount it but i would
need a whole lot more than
than what we have to suggest that thank
you alex p
thank you bose einstein seven how
universal
medical health care is a left or right
issue in the united states
no clue no clue um i think they did a
horrible job of framing it in the
beginning they should have framed it as
a national security thing
everybody in the military has health
care because
it's important to a functioning
a functioning operation the economy
requires it
it's i would frame this as a national
security thing rather than a social
benefit thing
um thank you christine s greetings from
london
really look forward to your daily videos
no nonsense
thank you
thank you x triv
thank you swirly swirly i played your
police videos
at my blm protest and counter protesters
didn't know how to react
started calling me communist propaganda
that's awesome
[Laughter]
that makes my day
i loved your cameo in the doomsday
prepper video yeah um
any other collaborations in the future i
do them and i always forget to actually
promote
like i show up in people's videos pretty
often and i
forget to mention them i did again the
last couple months i've done one with
katherine reeducation
and and and that one um and i've
i've probably done others that i can't
you know people will call or
send a message saying hey can you record
this bit for me and i record it while
i'm doing a normal video
and then send it to him and then
completely forget about it half the
times i don't even know that the videos
actually come out um
but yeah i i i thought it was a very uh
fitting
quote to hand me to read uh
thank you see joje candace owens twi
uh do you think the new george floyd
video changes anything
i have a video on it to me it actually
makes it worse
um you know the big the
the big argument from their side from
the side they saying the cops did
nothing wrong
is that well he said he was having
trouble breathing before they did it
having advanced knowledge of a medical
condition makes it worse not better
um i i think it makes it worse
for the officers i think that by the
time that gets into court and you're not
it's not a bunch of twitter experts that
are
talking about it i think those officers
are gonna get shredded
they they did not they didn't follow any
of the basic
bare minimum standards um
and they had advanced warning so
i it to me it makes it worse
um thank you thank you
bretta husser have you ever seen the tv
show
jericho if you haven't i think i
actually have seen that
i have seen that um it was entertaining
and there's actually little
tidbits of good advice buried in it
um
let's see thank you amen amen what do
politicians gain
by supporting president trump
they're playing to their base and i
actually think the troll farms are
hurting them i think that
many politicians believe trump is more
popular than he is because of social
media comments
a lot of which are bought and paid for i
think there's going to be a reckoning
i could be wrong but i see a whole lot
of people
walking away from the next election
going what happened kind of the way the
democrats were
when trump got elected
but we'll see thank you deborah howard
republic their feet so that trump could
ride in and save the day
yeah that might have been the plan but
i i don't think it's going to work out
that way
so we'll we'll see
thank you katie hollister this money
goes to you
correct does the sticker money go to you
uh
yeah so normally this money ends up
getting used
for something this is like when you see
the posts on my
social media where i bought ppe or
whatever
it comes from these so i'm not like
super
y'all actually pay for that stuff
this is where it goes we don't have
anything earmarked
at this point we're just kind of using
it as
we need it that's the same thing with
our t-shirts
we used to have an earmark to where 50
would automatically go to a various
charity
we took control and started doing it
ourselves which turned out to be a much
better thing to do
um because when this hit
had we not already had a little base of
resources built up um
we wouldn't have been able to get all
the ppe and the equipment that people
needed like
right then um because we didn't have
time to raise the money
so it was just sitting there anyway
that's generally what it's used for
um we're not a non-profit we're not a
charity but
we try to do a lot of charitable work
because it it helps
kind of rule 303 showing that it can be
done type of thing
for you personally what is the point you
would say it's time to leave
and leave the u.s if it actually
turned out if it started to get violent
that would be the time i'd have to get
my family out
thank you thomas found out my dad
listened to you brought us closer
together that's cool
let's talk about the bay of piglets
shores five dollars for you five dollars
for the wife
yeah she she's yeah we're getting ahead
here in florida she's gonna need some
coffee
so i'll make sure that happens uh
thank you lisa
say thank you marty thank you for being
a true patriot
all right let's see
thank you patricia this is your known
wood
what do you think about 500 ml
ventilator situation
between white house
and phillips i don't think anything
about it this first i've heard of it
um i'll have to look into it
thank you christian kimberly
okay
what do you do to prepare for the
possibility of having to leave the
country if it did get that bad
uh you need to have all your documents
in order and you need to have
um basically everything lined up to
leave
if you're going to evacuate a country
you need to have your passport
and then you need to have duplicate
copies of everything
preferably you have the copy that you
have with your passport birth
certificates family
all of that stuff vaccination records
everything that you need
and then you have a duplicate copy of
all of this stuff somewhere else
that way if something happens you can
still get it
but
let's let's hope it doesn't come to that
what are your thoughts on joe jorgensen
and do you think we'll get rid of the
two-party system i think we can
it depends on people want to um like
right now i don't even know
if i i don't think
the the the other candidates are even
going to be allowed in the debate i
think it's just going to be
trump and biden which i think is sad
i i would like to hear everybody um
i also think that given the caliber of
trump i think having more people on
stage
could highlight exactly how not
effective he is
thank you laura your videos give me hope
as a trans and comfat
hope you can continue to lead that
that's a combination right there and
comfort
i mean yeah that's
i i would imagine that it is hard to
find people
um that are
that you can relate to on a lot of
levels because
people who fall into one category that
anyway imagine that's difficult thank
you ross
why is there a travel warning between
the u.s and new zealand even though our
party
no clue i have no idea what they're
doing up there anymore
thank you hoss boss uh
thank you rachel rhodes
have you heard anything regarding roger
stone being the godfather to kevin
mccarthy
no i didn't know that
i'll have to look into that
uh thank you alex
thank you paul stoller um
oh somebody asked about nfak earlier um
and
i i think they have a good idea um
i i
think they might need a little more
training on some things because i've
seen a few
like all of my critiques of it are are
their military critiques they're not
like oh it's a horrible organization i
don't think that
i think they're taking a very militant
stand and i think they're kind of
pushing the boundaries
but i don't know that it's unjustified i
don't know that it's
even necessarily a bad idea sometimes
you need those people to push the
overton window
my critiques of them are about like
their uniforms and weapons handling and
stuff like that
not not their politics um
i just saw some uh a question about
the the new york ag going after
the nra meh i don't i
the nra is not my crew
i don't care i haven't liked them for a
long time and i can totally believe that
they did exactly what they're accused of
i mean i'll wait to see the evidence but
i would not put that best though
thank you arthur g liked your prepping
videos
hope you make more of these probably
will and more on counter economics yeah
your thoughts on congress not passing
the stimulus bill
they're they're trying to extort people
into going back to work
it's really what it boils down to um
thank you mr chemistry i love your whole
channel and its ideas as a citizen of
poland i've seen us
lose our liberal democracy in four years
i hope you do not you
lose yours me too
let's see
um i don't think that the census count
ending early is is going to be legal
to be honest i think there'll be a i
think there will be a
i think there'll be a legal battle over
that uh
thank you kurt espidal i
greetings from western norway
have you seen the show burn notice any
good tips on that
actually yeah most i'll be honest
most of the stuff that that is in his
little monologues
where he's like oh you know would you
really want to try this and
most of that is accurate um i in fact
the reason i started watching the show
was i watched them uh
make a car bullet resistant using some
pretty unique methods and it would that
would totally work
um so yeah that's that's a pretty good
pretty good one to pick up some little
minor things along the way
hi gwen
daniel don thank you
uh where do you fall on the political
spectrum
um i am slightly
to the left you know there's the left la
uh left right axis and then there's the
up down access which is
authoritarian and libertarian but not
like
a american libertarian party means very
little government
um i'm slightly to the left and
all the way down on that um at the very
very
very very bottom um
that that's that's that's where i'm at
on the the political access
let's see every time i set this down i
lose
everything it's a youtube ad of
flashing images including a mexican
pharmacy and a man dancing in front
of russia ending with a picture of 88
and saying
open your eyes i would have to
i'd have to actually watch the video i
have no idea um
make you the lord of war yeah i mean
it's it's unnerving
i actually see the pendulum starting to
swing and i think it started to swing
before it hit the point where it was
going to get real bad
i am less concerned today than i was
three weeks ago we're starting to see
the pendulum swimming back we're
starting to see
a a kind of calming
and we we can hope that it rides out
let's see thank you dallas cowboys fan
reactions
executive order was signed but he told
two states to pay half
yeah he doesn't know how the country
works
i can't wait till he's gone please talk
about deroy
raising postal rates on ballots doubling
the mailing costs to
county election departments i'll have to
look into that
i have a feeling some of this stuff
happened while i was on this live stream
uh howdy there beau it's the internet
people again
so when are you coming to iowa or any
midwest states
to do a self-defense community building
yeah um as
as soon as we can go out and meet in
groups
like a lot of this was already scheduled
we were actually going to go back to
cincinnati to that place
um and then all of this happened and we
we couldn't
i i wouldn't feel right about getting
everybody together
um thank you stacy
thank you comer parks thank you
han suchu
see showed a couple clips to my dad
i mentioned the a word once but it's
difficult to get through
with that after seeing more we had a
discussion
yeah that word is incredibly tainted in
the united states
um it's it's
people don't see it as a philosophy they
see it as something bad that happens
in between governments
see wayne zimpleband thank you
thank you jesse peterson did you know
the couple from marshall minnesota
did you see the cup like no i didn't
know them i i did see that
with this yeah i mean it is what it is
there's those people are you're never
going to get through well
just let them age out thank you jake
much love from milwaukee thank you
thank you stacy trueshot
thank you kay have you ever considered
running for office
um you know i think i'm better
where i am i'm just as corruptable as
anybody else
i i don't i think i'm better
here doing this i think i'm more
effective and more of a benefit
um and you know i used to say that my
i have let's just say a checkered past
um
i used to say that that that would be a
detriment
and the more i'm watching i don't think
it would be
so i'm just going to have to rely on i'm
corruptable too
as my excuse i just i don't think i can
run your life better than you can
i i don't know that i want to be in that
position
uh thank you rob crawford watching you
helps with my depression well
god thank you norm gilbert
thank you jay graham have you ever heard
of the political podcast common sense by
dan garland
uh no i
wouldn't mind listening to it though um
okay thank you
shannon ttcl we all agree
that an increase in wage standard is
something we need however every time
they raise the minimum wage prices go
up to where it is diminished what are
your thoughts on how we can stop that
um at the end of the day
we're going to need a change in belief
we're going to need a change of
philosophy
we're going to have to adjust the way we
look at things
and we're going to have to lessen the
greed i know that
sounds impossible but it's what we're
going to have to do
let's see sherwood friend acab
cynthia engel thank you
sherwood friend 1312 nice
uh let's see
i'm a red who is raising the ranks very
fast to my union
i've been asked to leave the field teach
labor history
and the training center and become a
business rep should i stay
in the right class about teaching uh
yeah
there there's present the ideas
if you present the ideas and the ideas
resonate
if there's no reason to say
here are the ideas and i personally
believe this
if you present the ideas objectively and
they resonate
good there's no reason for you to have
to disclose your personal political
beliefs
tyler cross thank you
i lost a whole bunch here again man
here
have you ever tried any of the privacy
focused hardware such as
the librium 5 smartphone ah i have not
thank you karen murphy my thoughts on
ralph nader
i mean i i think it's somebody who has
one of the few people i believe that
they believe what they're saying
you know that goes a long way with me i
can actually work with people i don't
like necessarily
and i'm not saying that about him um
as long as they're they're true to their
own beliefs it makes it easier
for them to work with them in any way
uh thank you malchemist thank you for
inspiring me to do
art for equality
what do i think of co-opting
norse runes is their own should we fight
to take the symbol back absolutely
give them nothing don't give them an
inch
on anything ever
it's going to be and it's going to be a
fight because it already has become
associated with them
to a big degree um
so you're going to have to i've seen
already a lot of groups using
runes to um
in anti-racist logos and i think that's
helping
a lot of people understand that roon
rooms aren't necessarily
nazis um but yeah i i wouldn't give that
up
i would fight for that
okay
do you think calling osha on your
employer is morally justified
covid or otherwise assuming they are
actually in actually violating the law
regulations
and i mean i would if it was me i would
try to talk to them first
explain the situation and then
then if if you're talking about
something that's putting somebody at
risk you don't have a choice
i always try to solve things at the
lowest level and normally that's not
involving the government
but if you're talking about something
hey this could get people hurt
yeah of course it's morally justified
bose einstein seven thank you can trump
win by just advocating
melon votes for only red states and
suppress
i don't think it's going to matter i i
don't think it's going to matter one of
the things about that and the reason i
don't really understand the tactic
is that most of this he's most of the
swing states
they're going to go
it's typically older people that that
vote conservative it's typically older
people that use melon voting
um i don't know that it's actually going
to suppress it
as much as he
let's thinks
thank you nashelly i see ellie
if you are here thank you for what you
do we need more votes
voices like yours addressing social
inequalities thank you
thank you mark an edc video coming soon
and everyday carry video yeah
yeah i'll try to get one out i actually
thought i had one and it turns out i did
but it was on another channel and it's
gone
and but yeah that's that's something on
the list
thank you silas i'll try to take a look
at that later i've got to go back
through
this live stream because i'm sure i
missed a whole bunch of questions from
people on this one
thank you joshua eisler thank you mark
mumbleweed
hastings huh
do you think 3d gun printing should be
legalized
i don't see how they can stop it um
that's taken it to a whole new level at
some point
i'll do a video going back to that you
know i explained how easy it was to do
it
with you know with machine tools
that now that i've actually like watched
some of the stuff on youtube about how
they're doing it and how they're
manufacturing the receivers and stuff
like that
they're not going to be able to stop it
if if you wanted to stop that you would
have to stop
3d printing that there's no way to
there's no way to stop people from using
it for that
um the the designs they're all out there
and even if they weren't you can measure
it um
it's that is going to make firearms more
accessible than anything
all over the world and and i don't i
don't see a realistic way
to stop it
see
thank you for dives
thank you juicy i need a water purifier
and mormon level food stores
uh i think you should always have a
water purifier in some food stores
um but uh
i i don't i'm i'm i don't think it's
gonna get that bad i hope not
um i think we're gonna be okay
i think we'll be able to ride this out
let's hope
um don't lose the barn background uh
the shop's real i i don't do what the
live streams from the shop because it's
it's not attached to the house it's too
far away the the internet doesn't reach
that far out there
have you heard of jim wright and stone
cattle yeah
uh
let's see you might get a kick out of
this had a hack
about pcsos guy said that all leos need
guns because
teenagers with a noise complaint may
have
fests what
yeah i mean that's likely i guess
jenny thank you jenny elias
thank you amber
non-racist germanic pagans have been
fighting against symbols being
yeah associated with bad stuff the only
hope is to spread them
all over in good contexts and we have
small numbers
please force multiply
uh okay
um if you can reach out to me on twitter
and remind me of this i have an idea
okay uh thank you rachel rhodes how
should women approach the topic of toxic
masculinity with men in particular those
who find the concept threatening
um i've got a series of videos on toxic
masculinity
first don't call it that um
it's a completely accurate phrase but if
you're if you're going to be talking
two men who have this issue and who
who are resistant to it just avoid using
that term
even though it's accurate there's no
sense in trying to
explain you know this is an adjective
we're not calling all masculinity toxic
just what you're doing right now
um and
from there
you can actually it's funny because you
can use toxic masculinity against itself
um it's tommy loren or whatever she had
that
weird video that came out which may or
may not have been her i guess
whatever um where she was basically
saying she couldn't find any real men
among the the right wing
and she talked about how they they're
just trash in texas in their trash here
and
something like that you can turn it back
on them
see what you're doing isn't actually
masculinity it's not going to get you
what you want because most men that
adopt that they behave that way because
they want women
you think that's what they want and it's
this cultural thing that gets ingrained
in them that hyper masculinity
and that's the term i would use when
you're talking two men that have an
issue with it
i would use that term and make it sound
it's
too much of a good thing and try to
reach them that way if you can get them
down from the edge
the rest of it will kind of fall into
place
it's just getting them to take it
seriously in the beginning
okay thank you caitlyn
what are your basic recommendations for
prepping with limited storage space
um i've got a video with a bag that i've
packed
what you really need food water fire
shelter medicine and a knife that's what
you have to have anything beyond that
is it makes it
better but that's that's what you really
have to have you can get all of that and
put it in a rubbermaid
you don't need a lot of space for it um
but i do have videos on this on
emergency preparedness
that they go way more in-depth on that
um thank you smee is me
thank you bo roche
i'm bo hi hey bo i'm bo from missouri
any
any tips on how to best john
where do i put money i don't know i'd
have to look into it
um
generally you depends on how much money
you have
the the money isn't going to be that
helpful going after
their ideas and crushing their their
their legacy of ideas
is where it is most beneficial
just wanted to let you know it gives me
a ton of hope to see creators like
yourself getting this much reach
thank you deodor anthony
thank you alexander crifford clifford
alexander
clifford
it's a good resource to explain
left-leaning viewpoints to others
without disparaging the intelligence of
those people
i'll be honest sometimes that's hard
okay um all right so we've been doing
this for a little bit more than an
hour i'm gonna have to get off and uh
go go make videos for tomorrow and stuff
like that uh
i really appreciate you guys for
everything
um not just for you know the live stream
but for
being there and uh
helping this grow helping this reach
because it's
we've gotten a lot of abilities now
we're getting more resources and we can
actually
affect change and we can take eventually
once we get you know once we can
be mobile again and get out there and
start force multiplying in person
and building these community networks we
can create a lot of impact
um and it's because of y'all it started
with this channel
and and you guys um so i really want to
say thank you
and thanks for sticking with me and
helping me grow like this
anyway it's just a thought y'all uh go
have a good night